Add init docs for OpenLab (#1)
theopenlab/publications: contributor/Development_Workflow.md

> # Development Workflow

Reviewer: 1. s/Development Workflow/Development guide/
2. file name should be `Development_guide.md`

## Prerequisites
The OpenLab CI is built based on `NodePool` and `Zuul` tools of the OpenStack infrastructure. The CI Jobs definition uses Ansible playbooks. Learn more about the tools first:
* Zuul documentation is hosted on [Zuul](https://zuul-ci.org)
* NodePool documentation is hosted on [NodePool](https://zuul-ci.org/docs/nodepool/)
* Ansible documentation is hosted on [Ansible Docs](https://docs.ansible.com/)

> 

Reviewer: Please add pictures of OpenLab CI arch and communication with Github at here.

> ## Working on Ocean request

Reviewer: s/Ocean request/Test request/

> The accepted test request items can be found on [TODO List](https://github.com/orgs/theopenlab/projects/1#column-1860008).

Reviewer 2: Developers can get start with following steps:
1...
2..
3...

> 1. Pick one item you wish to work on, move it to [IN PROGRESS List](https://github.com/orgs/theopenlab/projects/1#column-1860011), edit the item to add the development plan

Reviewer 2: Pike an item you want to work on, and move it to the **[IN PROGRESS](https://github.com/orgs/theopenlab/projects/1#column-1860011)** list, you can also feel free to edit the item according to your development plan.

Reviewer: s/one item/one test request/

> 2. The target project of the request item should install the **OpenLab-CI** [github APP](https://github.com/apps/theopenlab-ci), so that OpenLab CI system and target project can communicate with each other. See the details on [connecting guideline](./Connect_to_OpenLab.md)

Reviewer: s/request item/test request/

> 3. Fork your own copy of the CI Job repository [openlab-zuul-jobs](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab-zuul-jobs) to your account, develop the test job and submit a PR(Pull Request). In order to manage the test request well, please relate the request number in PR's commit message, the format like:

Reviewer: 1. Fork OpenLab CI Jobs repository [openlab-zuul-jobs](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab-zuul-jobs) to your account
2. submit a PR(Pull Request) to [openlab-zuul-jobs](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab-zuul-jobs)
3. please add change details and link the test request number in PR's commit message

Author: addressed 2 & 3.

5. Trigger to test the integration job by [trigger comments](./Supported_trigger_comments.md), see the [build status](http://status.openlabtesting.org/t/openlab/builds.html), click `logs` to get the log details if the job built fail, retest until all test cases success. Maybe you can find some problems of target project in the test, feel free to submit an issue to target project, relate the issue number in PR's commit message as we do on step3 
6. Close the `In Progress` item yourself or contact our development core to close it when the request test complete 

## Working on Bug
1. Bug reports for OpenLab are tracked on [bug list](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab/issues). 
2. The merged CI job will fail due to some reasons after it has been running for some time, or if you find any other problems of OpenLab welcome to [new](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab/issues/new?template=bug_report.md) an issue
3. The governance team will confirm the bugs, add them to [TODO list](https://github.com/orgs/theopenlab/projects/1#column-1860008)

> 4. You can assign one bug from TODO list, move the item to [IN PROGRESS list](https://github.com/orgs/theopenlab/projects/1#column-1860011) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can assign one bug from TODO list, move the bug to [IN PROGRESS list](https://github.com/orgs/theopenlab/projects/1#column-1860011) . Feel free to pick up the issues with label [need volunteer](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22need+volunteer%22), these issues are not claimed by anyone yet.
```

> 5. Submit a PR(Pull Request), no matter where the PR submitted to, the issue number should be related in commit message. And then do the test to fix the bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Submit a PR(Pull Request) to [openlab-zuul-jobs](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab-zuul-jobs) to fix bug,  please add change details and link the bug number in PR's commit message
`Related-Bug: theopenlab/openlab#number`
6. OpenLab development team @theopenlab/dev will review the PR and give some suggestion, development core team @theopenlab/dev-core have permission to merge it if there is no issue. When the PR is merged into openlab-zuul-jobs, you can test jobs by [trigger comments](./Supported_trigger_comments.md).
```

> 6. Close the `In Progress` item yourself or contact our development core to close it when the bug is fixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Close the `In Progress` bug by yourself when the bug is fixed.
```
